# TLS-N

Abstract: An internet user wanting to share observed content is typically restricted to primitive techniques such as screenshots, web caches or share button-like solutions. These acclaimed proofs, however, are either trivial to falsify or require trust in centralized entities (e.g., search engine caches). This motivates the need for a seamless and standardized internet-wide non-repudiation mechanism, allowing users to share data from news sources, social websites or financial data feeds in a provably secure manner. Additionally, blockchain oracles that enable data-rich smart contracts typically rely on a trusted third party (e.g., TLSNotary or Intel SGX). A decentralized method to transfer webbased content into a permissionless blockchain without additional trusted third party would allow for smart contract applications to flourish. In this work, we present TLS-N, the first TLS extension that provides secure non-repudiation and solves both of the mentioned challenges. TLS-N generates non-interactive proofs about the content of a TLS session that can be efficiently verified by third parties and blockchain based smart contracts. As such, TLS-N increases the accountability for content provided on the web and enables a practical and decentralized blockchain oracle for web content. TLS-N is compatible with TLS 1.3 and adds a minor overhead to a typical TLS session. When a proof is generated, parts of the TLS session (e.g., passwords, cookies) can be hidden for privacy reasons, while the remaining content can be verified.
Added to deliverable?: No
Already read?: Yes
Assigned readers: Ahmet Ramazan Agirtas
BS factor: solid
Classification: Data to Web3
Date of publication: 2018
Labels: Legacy compatible, Linkage of Web2 Ids, Possible tool in larger solution, Smart Contracts instead of oracles, Web2 credentials, Web2 to Web3 data transfer
Link to the paper: https://www.ndss-symposium.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/ndss2018_09-4_Ritzdorf_paper.pdf
MZ checked the note: No
Reviewers: Basireddy Swaroopa Reddy
Score Phase 1: Maybe relevant
Work Group: Hybrid

[WIP]

We checked TLS-N paper which propose a way to ge